# GECO proposal: FairDex v2 

## Project Overview

**Project name**

> FairDex v2

**Team members**

- Manuel García
- Leo Lower
- Sebastián Galiano
- Lisandro Corbalán

This is the same team that designed and developed FairDex v1, the first UI that enabled bidding on the DutchX platform.

**What project are you building**

> FairDex is the first UI dApp that allows traders to bid on the DutchX platform. Fardex v1 demonstrated that it is possible to transform complex protocols into usable applications allowing common users to reap the benefits of a fair and decentralized trading platform.
> FairDex v2 will go much further, helping traders make the right decisions in time and educating them in the works of the underlying platform. It focuses on improving the duchX users onboarding and platform awareness.

**Why did you decide to build it**

> After the successful release of FairDex and a lot of (mostly) positive feedback we want to present a proposal to improve FairDex, focusing on the UX to achieve mass adoption.
> Most people know about fairdex because of the $1M DAI-ETH auction initiated by gnosis. 
> We want to capitalize on the momentum generated by the successful launch and show that the platform will continue to evolve after this event is over.
> 
> Some of these ideas come directly from users that provided feedback through the `publick DutchX group` and `dxDAO Public Chat` telegram channeels as well as direct contacts and Google meet live events. Others come from the original v1 proposal that was reduced in scope to achieve a working MVP on time for the release of DutchX v2 smart contracts.

**How long will it take**

> ~ 200 hours

**How much funding are you requesting**

> $13.000

**How did you hear about the GECO**

> Protofire, the team behind FairDex has been working closely with Gnosis for several months in order to deliver the best possible bidder experience on top of the DutchX protocol. FairDex v1 was one of the first projects that came to life thanks to the Gnosis Ecosystem Community Fund.
## Your Proposal

**Project description**

*FairDex is becoming a key member of the DutchX family. Thanks to the GECO and close collaboration with Gnosis team we have been able to create a product we are really proud of.*

FairDex v2’s new additions complements the initial MVP with a set of features that will give users that confidence necessary to operate on a more mature platform. Price analytics, detailed graphs with historic and predicted prices, price comparison with other exchanges and personalized notifications will provide both experienced and new traders all the information they need to make good decisions when choosing the DutchX as their trading platform.

**Team description**
*Protofire is a team of engineers which helps token-based protocols and developer platforms accelerate growth of their ecosystems. By providing hands-on coding and contributions, Protofire specializes in supercharging developer adoption and network usage. We ship applications, engineer elegant smart contracts, craft awesome developer tools (SDKs/APIs/sample apps), or simply improve performance/cost of oracles.* 
*Protofire works exclusively with entrepreneurs who are builders of decentralized infrastructure protocols, applications and ecosystems. http://protofire.io*

**Timeline, Milestones and Deliverables**
The work will be done in 2-week sprints, each one with a set delivery date in which a demonstration will take place. Feedback for each sprint will be included on the following sprint.


**Sprint 1**
**Deliverables** 

- Simplify user interaction by bundling actions.
- Add video tutorial and help section.
- Make all “Max” labels clickable.
- UI tweaks.

**Time and Price Estimate** *80 hours. $5200.*


**Sprint 2**
**Deliverables** 

- Very small balances are not user friendly.
- Improve notifications explaining what each action means and the next steps to follow.
- Current price curve chart over time.

**Time and Price Estimate** *80 hours. $5200.*


**Sprint 3**
**Deliverables** 

- Sell or Bid volume chart over time.
- Historical closing price charts.

**Time and Price Estimate** *40 hours. $2600.*


